1.	I have installed the Steel City Comic font referring to item 1
	in FAQ.txt, and rebuilt "perfbook.pdf". But it doesn't seem to
	have any effect. What am I missing?

	A.	If you built "perfbook.pdf" before installing the font,
		you need to rebuild cartoons whose sources are .svg
		files.  Typing "make touchsvg; make" will do the trick.

2.	I prefer perfbook-1c.pdf than perfbook.pdf to read it on my
	tablet. Typing "make perfbook-1c.pdf" every time is a little
	bit cumbersome. Isn't there any simpler way?

	A.	Actually there is!  Just type "make 1c".

3.	Are there other short name targets?

	A.	"make hb" will build perfbook-hb.pdf that is useful
		for making hard-bound printouts.
		"make 2c" will build perfbook.pdf.

4.	Isn't it possible to build perfbook-1c.pdf by just typing
	"make"?

	A.	Yes, it is!  Define an environment variable
		"PERFBOOK_DEFAULT" in your shell and set its value as
		"1c".  Then, just typing "make" will build
		perfbook-1c.pdf.
		If you set "hb" to "PERFBOOK_DEFAULT", typing "make"
		will build perfbook-hb.pdf mentioned in #3.
		While you have the environment variable set, specifying
		a specific target (or targets) always works.

5.	The Makefile cannot find pdflatex.  What is it and where can I
	find it?

	A.	The "pdflatex" package is a variant of Don Knuth's
		digital typesetting program.  On Ubuntu Maverick,
		installing the following set of packages suffices:

			texlive-latex-base texlive-latex-extra psutils
			texlive-publishers-doc texlive-fonts-extra
			texlive-math-extra texlive-publishers
			texlive-science texlive-bibtex-extra latex2html
			gnuplot-x11 xfig inkscape

		Other systems might provide similarly named packages.
		For example, Doug Miller noted that the following list
		of teTeX components worked for him on RHEL5:

			tetex tetex-afm tetex-dvips tetex-latex latex2html
			texinfo tetex-fonts tetex-doc tetex-xdvi

		For another example, Frederic Weisbecker reports that
		the following packages allows perfbook to be built on
		Fedora 19:

			texlive-latex texlive-collection-latexextra
			psutils texlive-math* texlive-bibtex latex2html
			xfig (and maybe also gnuplot-latex
			texlive-publishers-doc texlive-fonts-extra
			texlive-science).

6.	I cannot build perfbook, and the perfbook.log file complains
	about some obscure package being missing.  What do I do?

	A.	Please see #5 above.

7.	When I try to build perfbook, it hangs after printing a line
	reading "pdflatex 1".  How can I fix this?

	A.	On UNIX-like systems, including Linux, type control-D.
		Then look at the end of the perfbook.log file (or the
		perfbook-1c.log file if you were building single-column).
		The error message at the end of the log file should
		indicate the source of the problem.

		The build scripts are supposed to make this unnecessary,
		so if it happens, please let me know.  Please send me the
		perfbook.log output (or perfbook-1c.log output, depending
		on which you were building) so that I can fix the scripts.
